README.md, before:

# Brush Size Docker Documentation

<p align="center">
  <img src="/readme-assets/docker.png" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="/readme-assets/settings.png" />
</p>

## Overview

The Brush Size Docker plugin allows you to quickly and easily adjust the size of your brush in Krita using predefined size presets or by manually setting the size.

## Features

- **Preset Selector**: Choose from Small, Medium, Large, or Current Brush presets.
- **Current Brush preset**: It will use the current brush size to generte Size 1 (1/5), Size 2 (1/2) and Size 4 (5/3).
- **Manual Size Input**: Input box to type the exact size.
- **Size Slider**: Slider to adjust the preset.
- **User Defined Mode**: Allows the user to define sizes and ranges in the dialog at the top-right of the docker.


## Installation

### Method 1 (easiest)

Open Krita go to `Tools > Scripts > Import Python Plugin From Web` and paste the following URL.

https://github.com/josepablo-espinoza/krita-brush-size-docker/releases/latest/download/Krita-Brush-Size-Docker.zip

### Method 2

1. **Download latest release zip**:

  https://github.com/josepablo-espinoza/krita-brush-size-docker/releases/latest/download/Krita-Brush-Size-Docker.zip

2. **Upload the plugin into Krita**: 

  Open Krita go to `Tools > Scripts > Import Python Plugin From File` and load the zip file.

3. **Restart Krita**: If Krita was running, restart it to load the new Docker.

4. **Activate the Docker**: 
  Go to `Settings > Dockers > Brush Size Docker` to activate the Docker in Krita.

## Usage

Once the Brush Size Docker is enabled, it will appear as a new docker in Krita.

## Desired Enhancements

In its current version, all initial user cases have been covered. Leave an issue requesting a feature you think is missing and will improve the user experience.

Commit message:

Shortcut feature: cycle forward or backward through sizes via shortcut

README.md, after:

# Brush Size Docker Documentation

<p align="center">
  <img src="/readme-assets/docker.png" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="/readme-assets/settings.png" />
</p>

## Overview

The Brush Size Docker plugin allows you to quickly and easily adjust the size of your brush in Krita using predefined size presets or by manually setting the size.

## Features

- **Preset Selector**: Choose from Small, Medium, Large, or Current Brush presets.
- **Current Brush preset**: It will use the current brush size to generte Size 1 (1/5), Size 2 (1/2) and Size 4 (5/3).
- **Manual Size Input**: Input box to type the exact size.
- **Size Slider**: Slider to adjust the preset.
- **User Defined Mode**: Allows the user to define sizes and ranges in the dialog at the top-right of the docker.
- **Shortcut**: Cycle through the sizes using a user-configurable shortcut, default: Ctrl+Alt+Shift+S.
- **Configuration panel**: located at the top-right of the docker.</li>



## Installation

### Method 1 (easiest)

Open Krita go to `Tools > Scripts > Import Python Plugin From Web` and paste the following URL.

https://github.com/josepablo-espinoza/krita-brush-size-docker/releases/latest/download/Krita-Brush-Size-Docker.zip

### Method 2

1. **Download latest release zip**:

  https://github.com/josepablo-espinoza/krita-brush-size-docker/releases/latest/download/Krita-Brush-Size-Docker.zip

2. **Upload the plugin into Krita**: 

  Open Krita go to `Tools > Scripts > Import Python Plugin From File` and load the zip file.

3. **Restart Krita**: If Krita was running, restart it to load the new Docker.

4. **Activate the Docker**: 
  Go to `Settings > Dockers > Brush Size Docker` to activate the Docker in Krita.

## Usage

Once the Brush Size Docker is enabled, it will appear as a new docker in Krita.

## Desired Enhancements

In its current version, all initial user cases have been covered. Leave an issue requesting a feature you think is missing and will improve the user experience.
